It can disperse the lightning with a wave of his hand
Could it be
What else is Mr. Ye hiding?
little tricks
Your tricks are just boots to me
Itchy Night Flower
When you know the devil
Lord Demon Lord
We represent Daxia
Please raise your hand as long as the devil is gone
I, Great Xia, am willing to meet any conditions of Demon Lord Great
No two words
You are really a crouching tiger, hiding a dragon in the summer.
But unfortunately
Not including you.
Wuhan University Elder
Each is the supreme cultivation base of martial arts
It wasn't the devil who went back
Wildflowers, wildflowers.
How dare you offend such a terrifying existence?
Hum
That's great.
Wildflowers are dying and dare to be stubborn
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes, he can't save you
Have you had enough trouble?
Demon Lord
Who gave you the guts to run amok in the building?
It doesn't have to be random, sir
Let's go soft
This demon lord is terrifying
Stay in Qingshan
The horse has no firewood to burn.
Lord Wang Jun
You mustn't listen to these people talking here
I don't think so.
Everybody in this room is damned.
It's not your turn to tell me what to do.
Wild souls dare to fight me